fix: check for margin-left and margin-right not present (#52202)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-basic-css-by-building-a-cafe-menu/5f45a276c093334f0f6e9df4.md

assert(itemPMarginBottom === '5px');
```

> Your `p` element nested in your `.item` elements should not have `margin-left`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your `p` elements nested in your `.item` elements should not have a `margin-left` set.
```

```js
const itemPMarginLeft = new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.item p')?.getPropertyValue('margin-left');
assert(!itemPMarginLeft);
```

> Your `p` element nested in your `.item` elements should not have `margin-right`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your `p` elements nested in your `.item` elements should not have a `margin-right` set.
```
